docs: add a guide to test changes locally (#866)
scania-digital-design-system/tegel: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Style Guides
- **Code Style**: Please read our [Code Style](https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/blob/main/CODE_STYLE.md) before contributing.

## Testing your changes locally

> To properly test your changes' behaviors in a project, reference your local Tegel instance instead of the published version on the registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To properly test your changes in a project, reference your local Tegel instance instead of the published version on the registry
```
